code walkthorugh (#95)
risc0/bonsai-foundry-template: README.md

3. The [publisher] app submits this proof and journal on-chain to your app contract for validation.
4. Your app contract calls the [RISC Zero Verifier] to validate the proof. If the verification is successful, the journal is deemed trustworthy and can be safely used.

> > You can find a [walkthrough] of the entire code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can find detailed explanations of each main file in the codebase in the [walkthrough].
```
